      On line 1, what is being defined?
        a. The class team, which instances of Team can be created.

      What type of scope is the variable on line 2?
        a. its a class variable

      Explain the difference between the three attr_ methods on lines 4, 5, and 6.
        a. accessor allows you to write and call back the objects
           creates a getter and setter methods and instance methods
        b. read does the same, however, you can't call the object to make changes
        c. write, is write only, w/o being able to call it or make changes

      On line 8, what is defined?
       a. an instance method

      What is the purpose of line 9?
       a. it will add the total instances of the class Team

      What type of method is defined on line 12?
       a. this is a class method,

      On line 17, could single quotes be used instead of double quotes? Why?
       a. No, interpolation requires double quotes.

      What is line 21 doing?
       a. it is returning the private method set_the_city

      What is the purpose of line 25?
       a. private methods can only be called within the scope of this particular instance

      What code can call the method defined on line 27?
       a. only code that is an instance of this class

      In the following code, how many objects are created and what are their types?

      11. 3, file is an instance of File.new,content.txt, content

      file = File.new('content.txt')
      content = file.read
      12. 2,

      file = File.read('content.txt')
      13. 3,

      user = User.new
      user.name = 'Me'
      user.city = 'St. Petersburg'
      
      14.In the following code, what type of variable (that is, what scope) is count?
        a. count is a local variable

      def repeat
        limit = 10
        count = 0
        while count < limit
          puts count
          count += 1
        end
      end

      repeat
      puts count
      15.In the code from #14, what will happen on the last line and why?
        a. an error will occur. Repeat has been defined and is allowed to be called
        however, count has not been defined other than within repeat.
